Reflection

Story design
First time designing and making a game in my life! 
My first step was just ask myself what should I tell people to, what kind of story that’s related to myself? So I started thinking about my past and my journey to today. In my point of view I sort of thinking the quarantine changed a lot in my life. So I decided to tell something about this about also things about I haven’t move to the states.
Originally I designed this game in four theme.
The first chapter was telling the story of I was originally from an infamous city in China, and later on I moved to New Jersey when I was 16. 
The second chapter was about me going to college and I was having a ‘lost’ time that I don’t know where I belong to. So the mirror was kinda like an emphasize of lost and finding myself.
The third chapter was about quarantine time, and I was in a sort of maze like environment finding my way out. I felt I had been locked in a place and the mist representing the difficulties.
The last is the outro that representing the nowadays i have been through a lit and make it to today.

Scene design
So we were starting to make the greybox for scene change testing. i think this part reallu helped a lot of later on adding more in the sketch. 
Because this is me sort of first time doing a game and even with multiple level in it. I was making each of them in different files, because i was thinking this might help me to see the structure clearly in stead of squeeze them in one. 
in the words of actually putting things in the game i realized this is not what i imagined. Imagine is a thing and make it out is another thing. There are things that i cant achieve, and i only found out when i really start working on it. For example of my ch3 game, i cutted it off because when i was making the game individually i could not find a way to present it by the knowledge i learned so far. And i was also thinking that this might repeat the idea of the ch2 game pf losting myself or identity. Therefore i decided to remove this part in my game. 

Visuals 
To make i game i think designing the visual is a quite important part too. Because the visual sort of speaking out the story and the concept out loud without people really playing it. So I was working on visual in a while too. Since this is something about me and my identity, i put my hands on sort of a chinese style but i want it modern and cute too. So i drew my navigator onprocreate who is a girl in chinese outfit and 8bit retro style. And all the scene i found should be having a chinese and mystery dreamy style. 

In class game open studio
it was really fun to play everyone's game and get to know everyone's story. 